so I've been using the iPhone 7 for
about a month now and some of the
original opinions I had about the phone
kind of shifted over time but one of
them was the size like I really wanted
to use the 7 plus because had a better
camera had a bigger battery but I
couldn't make it work a little bit too
big for my hands I do want to share some
other thoughts with you though
everything is fast on the iPhone 7 from
the fingerprint sensor to general usage
to launching the camera everything just
feels really snappy but true
multitasking still doesn't exist and
that's probably my biggest bottleneck
like if I'm in an email app and I'm
trying to reference another application
and going back and forth between the
email app and the other app that process
sucks it's just super slow the iPhone 7s
have a really good camera but most of my
shots are taken in well-lit environments
and truthfully unless you zoom in and
pixel peep the well-lit photos don't
look that different from the iPhone 6s
or even the iPhone 6
now the low-light capabilities are
noticeably improved you can get some
surprisingly good shots at night the
video stabilization is really nice on
previous generation phones you needed
the bigger plus models to get OAS but
they pack that into the smaller phone
now and that's actually my favorite
camera upgrade on the iPhone 7
comparatively this screen is low
resolution at 720p I know that it's low
res my brain is well attuned to the fact
that this is probably the lowest
resolution phone that I will use in 2016
but it still looks really good so I
don't mind the resolution the iPhone 7
screens also have a wider color gamut
they can display more of the colors so
if the source picture or the video
you're looking at has the extra color
data in the file it will look more color
accurate now the photo was taken on the
iPhone 7 can showcase this extended
color range but most of the time I'm
staying at emails or basically other
screens of text on a white background
and almost all the contents I consume
hasn't adopted this wider color gamut
yet so the screen is great it just
doesn't have the contents to really flex
how cool it looks
the solid state home button I disliked
it at first I mean it felt weird and it
doesn't have a particularly satisfying
click but now I legitimately prefer are
you setting three and it still feels
different from a regular button but I
like the reliability and if the rumors
are true and they plan on replacing the
home button with a tactic on-screen
button for the next iPhone I'd welcome
that change I didn't think I'd care that
much about the headphone jack removal
it's kind of a bummer but I felt like
there were enough alternatives like the
wireless headphones and the dongle that
you kind of get by but the one thing
that really sucks for me is charging it
at night I often fall asleep with
headphones on and I'll end up having to
charge it before work the next morning
and it doesn't support like the super
fast quick charge so yeah I don't love
that battery life is still short Apple
claimed it would last a couple hours
longer but I can't last a full day of
heavy use basically if you put in a lot
of screen time on your phone you're
gonna have to charge it up in the
evening when you get home now granted
this is with the iPhone 7 the iPhone 7
plus obviously lasts much longer
water resistance is cool it's nothing
really new for flagship phones but the
iPhone 7 sounds the best amongst that
group that's actually one of the very
few phones that has two speakers and is
also water-resistant they sound good on
their own but I also connect it
wirelessly when I'm doing dishes and I
never have to worry about the phone
getting wet I would actually go as far
as to say that this combination of the
upgraded speakers and the water
resistance are my favorite features of
the phone but I'm curious for the people
that have been using the iPhone for a
while what if your favorite features
been let me know down in the comments so
overall I really liked the iPhone 7 a
lot more than I thought it would
considering how the upgrade seemed kind
of incremental on paper but in real
world use they're actually quite welcome
as for whether or not it's going to be
the phone that I use for the rest of
2016 it really depends on how good the
Google pixel is I'm gonna be using that
for about a month before I do my video
on it but it's gonna be one of the two
either the iPhone 7 or the pixel because
I'm all about that stock OS experience
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
have you liked it
subs you beloved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time
[Music]